run-from-package update considerations (#125458)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-functions/run-functions-from-deployment-package.md

+ When deploying your function app to Windows, you should set `WEBSITE_RUN_FROM_PACKAGE` to `1` and publish with zip deployment.
+ When you run from a package, the `wwwroot` folder is read-only and you receive an error if you write files to this directory. Files are also read-only in the Azure portal.
+ The maximum size for a deployment package file is 1 GB.

>   + The deployment will use temporary storage to unpack the zip hence you need ensure enough free space on the temporary storage for the size of your code package, this is especially relevant for Consumption plan where the limit is 500 Mb. More details on how to troubleshoot temporary storage can be found [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/troubleshoot/azure/app-service/temporary-storage-for-azure-app-service)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  + The deployment uses temporary storage when unpacking your project files. This means that your function app must have enough available temporary storage space to hold the contents of your package. Keep in mind that the temporary storage limit for a Consumption plan is [500 MB per plan](functions-scale.md#service-limits). To learn about how to troubleshoot issues with temporary storage, see [How to troubleshoot temporary storage on Azure App Service](/troubleshoot/azure/app-service/temporary-storage-for-azure-app-service).
```
